1. Reverse a string
2. Check if a string is a palindrome
3. Find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters
4. Find the first non-repeating character in a string
5. Count the number of vowels and consonants in a string
6. Implement a function to perform basic string compression
7. Check if two strings are anagrams of each other
8. Implement a function to find the longest common prefix among an array of strings
9. Implement the strstr function (find the first occurrence of a substring)
10. Count the occurrences of a character in a string
11. Find all permutations of a given string
12. Check if a string contains only digits
13. Convert a string to an integer
14. Convert an integer to a string
15. Implement the atoi function (convert string to integer)
17. Find the length of the longest palindromic substring
18. Find all substrings of a string
19. Find the longest repeating substring
20. Implement a function to check if a string contains all unique characters
21. Remove all white spaces from a string
22. Remove all duplicate characters in a string
23. Find the smallest window in a string containing all characters of another string
26. Check if a string is a valid number
28. Check if a string is a valid palindrome ignoring non-alphanumeric characters
30. Implement a function to return the count of distinct substrings of a string
31. Find the longest common subsequence between two strings
32. Replace all occurrences of a substring in a string
33. Check if two strings are rotations of each other
34. Find the minimum number of characters to be inserted to convert a string to a palindrome
35. Split a string into words
36. Find the longest word in a string
37. Implement a function to capitalize the first letter of each word in a string
38. Implement a function to reverse the words in a string
39. Implement a function to check if a string is a valid email address
40. Find the edit distance (Levenshtein distance) between two strings
41. Implement a function to remove all adjacent duplicates in a string
42. Check if one string is a subsequence of another string
43. Implement a function to find the smallest rotation of a string that is lexicographically smallest
44. Find the longest palindromic subsequence in a string

45. Implement a function to determine if a string has all unique characters without using additional data structures
